10.BI Portal App: next quater sales projections, projected order, spike orders etc.
Telecom Customer Churn Model
6. Autobackup and Auto-restore model
1. Meta data Extraction
2. System Health Monitoring
9.Build an ETL Pipeline on Mongo Atlas
9.Build an ETL Data Pipeline on AWS Cluster
8.Segmenting Customer Datas
7.Likely Candidates for a Sales Promotion
3. Recommendation System for smart learning using numpy. 

Utilities:
9.developed Reports and Dashboards OLAP and OLTP
10.Power Consumption prediction using smart meter data
11.Smart Meters to reduce Theft cases
12. field worker work moniter in taking meter readings
13. Automated Backup sytem 



Auto correction of e-Commerce catalogue using caffe
Built with caffe CNN classifier. 
4. Automated Attendance system
Built with tensorflow CNN classifier and openCV
5.Expenditure Management System- WAM

in mongo atlas
M10+ clusters that have enabled the BI Connector for Atlas to connect Power BI


Dashboard Names:
1.Revenue by year, month and quarter
2. Sales
3. Discounts and Promotions
4. Cases, open cases, pending cases, closed cases and duartions
5. orders, connections and disconections
6. assets
7. Accounts and billings

implemented both Data analytics model, ML model
discuss functional architecture and technical architecture

developed modular based code




Datamodel implemented in Dicle project for streaming dat:

streaming data from smart meters from Kafka are processed by spark streaming API where we have lookup table in hive consists 
of Service point information and corresponding smart meter id is going join with streaming data to produce sp-id and meter-id 
save in hive table. on realtime basis this data is used in reports and dashboards

Datamodel implemented in BSNL:

The requested audit report had to have user level information, audit entries including accessed service, and time and resource utilisation details of each session
Here are the fields we would need in the report, and their descriptions:

 

Username: Username of the user in the company

Full Name:  Name of the user

Email id: Email id of the user

Service: The big data service accessed by the user

Access Time: The time when the user accessed that particular service

CPU Usage: In case of YARN based runs, CPU consumed by the user

RAM Usage: In case of YARN based runs, RAM consumed by the user

refer: https://www.clearpeaks.com/advanced-auditing-in-hdp-and-cloudera/



ML Churn Model in BSNL:

developed models based on circle and each model devlped for one circle 
ssa of circle is encoded using one hot encoding


Code Auditing